README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/moznion/Perl-PrereqScanner-Lite.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/moznion/Perl-PrereqScanner-Lite)
# NAME

Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite - Lightweight Prereqs Scanner for Perl

# SYNOPSIS

    use Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite;

    my $scanner = Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite->new;
    $scanner->add_extra_scanner('Moose');
    my $modules = $scanner->scan_file('path/to/file');

# DESCRIPTION

Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite is the lightweight prereqs scanner for perl.
This scanner uses [Compiler::Lexer](https://metacpan.org/pod/Compiler::Lexer) as tokenizer, therefore processing speed is really fast.

# METHODS

- new

    Create scanner instance.

- scan\_file($file\_path)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by file path.

- scan\_string($string)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by source code string written in perl.

    e.g.

        open my $fh, '<', __FILE__;
        my $string = do { local $/; <$fh> };
        my $modules = $scanner->scan_string($string);

- scan\_module($module\_name)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by module name.

    e.g.

        my $modules = $scanner->scan_module('Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite');

- scan\_tokens($tokens)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by tokens of [Compiler::Lexer](https://metacpan.org/pod/Compiler::Lexer).

    e.g.

        open my $fh, '<', __FILE__;
        my $string = do { local $/; <$fh> };
        my $tokens = Compiler::Lexer->new->tokenize($string);
        my $modules = $scanner->scan_tokens($tokens);

- add\_extra\_scanner($scanner\_name)

    Add extra scanner to scan and figure out prereqs. This module loads extra scanner such as `Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::$scanner_name` if specifying scanner name through this method.

    Extra scanners that are default supported are followings;

    - [Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Moose](https://metacpan.org/pod/Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Moose)
    - [Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Version](https://metacpan.org/pod/Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Version)

# ADDITIONAL NOTATION

This module recognize `## no prereq` optional comment. The requiring declaration with this comment on the same line will be ignored as prereq.

For example

    use Foo;
    use Bar; ## no prereq

In this case `Foo` is the prereq, however `Bar` is ignored.

# SEE ALSO

[Perl::PrereqScanner](https://metacpan.org/pod/Perl::PrereqScanner), [Compiler::Lexer](https://metacpan.org/pod/Compiler::Lexer)

# LICENSE

Copyright (C) moznion.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

# AUTHOR

moznion <moznion@gmail.com>

Commit message:

Import of MOZNION/Perl-PrereqScanner-Lite-0.14 from CPAN.
gitpan-cpan-distribution: Perl-PrereqScanner-Lite
gitpan-cpan-version:      0.14
gitpan-cpan-path:         MOZNION/Perl-PrereqScanner-Lite-0.14.tar.gz
gitpan-cpan-author:       MOZNION
gitpan-cpan-maturity:     released

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/moznion/Perl-PrereqScanner-Lite.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/moznion/Perl-PrereqScanner-Lite)
# NAME

Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite - Lightweight Prereqs Scanner for Perl

# SYNOPSIS

    use Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite;

    my $scanner = Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite->new;
    $scanner->add_extra_scanner('Moose');
    my $modules = $scanner->scan_file('path/to/file');

# DESCRIPTION

Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite is the lightweight prereqs scanner for perl.
This scanner uses [Compiler::Lexer](https://metacpan.org/pod/Compiler::Lexer) as tokenizer, therefore processing speed is really fast.

# METHODS

- new($opt)

    Create scanner instance.

- scan\_file($file\_path)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by file path.

- scan\_string($string)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by source code string written in perl.

    e.g.

        open my $fh, '<', __FILE__;
        my $string = do { local $/; <$fh> };
        my $modules = $scanner->scan_string($string);

- scan\_module($module\_name)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by module name.

    e.g.

        my $modules = $scanner->scan_module('Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite');

- scan\_tokens($tokens)

    Scan and figure out prereqs which is instance of `CPAN::Meta::Requirements` by tokens of [Compiler::Lexer](https://metacpan.org/pod/Compiler::Lexer).

    e.g.

        open my $fh, '<', __FILE__;
        my $string = do { local $/; <$fh> };
        my $tokens = Compiler::Lexer->new->tokenize($string);
        my $modules = $scanner->scan_tokens($tokens);

- add\_extra\_scanner($scanner\_name)

    Add extra scanner to scan and figure out prereqs. This module loads extra scanner such as `Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::$scanner_name` if specifying scanner name through this method.

    Extra scanners that are default supported are followings;

    - [Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Moose](https://metacpan.org/pod/Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Moose)
    - [Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Version](https://metacpan.org/pod/Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite::Scanner::Version)

# ADDITIONAL NOTATION

If `no_prereq` is enabled by `new()` (like so: `Perl::PrereqScanner::Lite->new({no_prereq => 1})`),
this module recognize `## no prereq` optional comment. The requiring declaration with this comment on the same line will be ignored as prereq.

For example

    use Foo;
    use Bar; ## no prereq

In this case `Foo` is the prereq, however `Bar` is ignored.

# SEE ALSO

[Perl::PrereqScanner](https://metacpan.org/pod/Perl::PrereqScanner), [Compiler::Lexer](https://metacpan.org/pod/Compiler::Lexer)

# LICENSE

Copyright (C) moznion.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

# AUTHOR

moznion <moznion@gmail.com>
